Better docs for crypto operations (#323)
Talus-Network/nexus-sdk: docs/cli.md

Before sending the associate transaction, the CLI automatically generates an identity key if one is missing and persists the session in `~/.nexus/crypto.toml`. All subsequent `nexus dag` commands load that session to encrypt entry-port payloads or decrypt remote results, so run `auth` whenever you rotate keys or see “No active sessions found.”

{% hint style="info" %}
This command requires that a wallet is connected to the CLI and spends gas for **two** programmable transactions. Use `--sui-gas-coin` / `--sui-gas-budget` if you need explicit control.
{% endhint %}

---

**`nexus crypto generate-identity-key`**

Creates a brand-new long-term identity key and stores it (encrypted) inside `~/.nexus/crypto.toml`. Because peers can no longer trust sessions tied to the previous identity, the CLI makes it clear that all stored sessions become invalid—run `nexus crypto auth` immediately after to populate a replacement session.

---

**`nexus crypto init-key [--force]`**

> Generates a random 32‑byte master key with `OsRng` and writes it to the OS keyring under the `nexus-cli-store/master-key` entry. The master key gates access to every encrypted field (`Secret<T>`) in the CLI config; rotating it without also wiping encrypted blobs would strand ciphertext, so this command automatically truncates the crypto config after a successful write.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates a random 32‑byte master key with [`OsRng`](https://docs.rs/rand/latest/rand/rngs/struct.OsRng.html) and writes it to the OS keyring under the `nexus-cli-store/master-key` entry. The master key controls access to every encrypted field (`Secret<T>`) in the CLI configuration. Rotating it without also wiping the encrypted data would leave the ciphertext inaccessible, so this command automatically truncates the cryptographic configuration after a successful write.
```
